RHCLOUD-30755 add ContentHeader component (#143)
patternfly/react-component-groups: packages/module/patternfly-docs/content/extensions/component-groups/examples/ContentHeader/ContentHeader.md

Reviewer: Maybe we add some examples description and a separate example for actions
```
The **content header** component displays a page header section with a title, subtitle and other optional content.

## Examples

### Basic content header
In order to display a basic content header, pass the `title` and `subtitle` texts.

```js file="./ContentHeaderExample.tsx"

```

### Content header with breadcrumbs
You can display breadcrumbs above the title using the `breadcrumbs` property.

```js file="./ContentHeaderBreadCrumbExample.tsx"

```

### Content header with icon
Use the `icon` property to display your custom page icon separated with a [divider](/components/divider).

```js file="./ContentHeaderIconExample.tsx"

```

### Content header with label and link
To add specific element captions for user clarity and convenience, you can use `label` property together with [label](/components/label) or your custom component. The `linkProps` can be used to define a link displayed under the subtitle.

```js file="./ContentHeaderLabelLinkExample.tsx"

```

### Content header with action menu
In case you want to display actions in your header, you can use the `actionMenu` property.

```js file="./ContentHeaderActionsExample.tsx"

```
```

---
section: extensions
subsection: Component groups
id: Content header
source: react

> propComponents: ['ContentHeader', 'ActionMenu']

Reviewer: ```suggestion
propComponents: ['ContentHeader']
```

sourceLink: https://github.com/patternfly/react-component-groups/blob/main/packages/module/patternfly-docs/content/extensions/component-groups/examples/ContentHeader/ContentHeader.md
---

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
import { RouteIcon } from '@patternfly/react-icons';
```

import ContentHeader from "@patternfly/react-component-groups/dist/dynamic/ContentHeader"

> The **content header** component should contain page title and description with a possibility to define additional badges, links, or icon separated with divider. Another option should be to display an actions menu and pass bredcrumbs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **content header** component displays a page title and description with a possibility of defining additional badges, links, or a page icon separated by a divider. 
```

Reviewer: Let's move the second sentence somewhere to other examples

## Examples

### Basic content header

```js file="./ContentHeaderExample.tsx"

> ```

Reviewer: Let's add more examples - with an icon and without, how to define breadcrumbs, link and a badge...

---
section: extensions
subsection: Component groups
id: Content header
source: react

> propComponents: ['ContentHeader', 'ActionMenu']

Reviewer: ```suggestion
propComponents: ['ContentHeader']
```
This is probably not needed anymore

sourceLink: https://github.com/patternfly/react-component-groups/blob/main/packages/module/patternfly-docs/content/extensions/component-groups/examples/ContentHeader/ContentHeader.md
---

import ContentHeader from "@patternfly/react-component-groups/dist/dynamic/ContentHeader"

> The **content header** component displays a page title and description with a possibility of defining additional labels, links, or a page icon separated by a divider. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **content header** component displays a page header section with a title, subtitle and other optional content.
```
```suggestion
The **content header** component displays a page title and description with a possibility of defining additional labels, links, or a page icon separated by a divider. 
```

## Examples

### Basic content header

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to display a basic content header, pass the `title` and `subtitle`.

```

```js file="./ContentHeaderExample.tsx"

```

### Content header with breadcrumbs

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can display breadcrumbs above the title using the `breadcrumbs` property.

```

```js file="./ContentHeaderBreadCrumbExample.tsx"

```

### Content header with icon

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the `icon` property to display your custom page icon separated with a [divider](/components/divider).

```

```js file="./ContentHeaderIconExample.tsx"

```

### Content header with label and link

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To add specific element captions for user clarity and convenience, you can use the `label` property together with [label](/components/label) or your custom component. The `linkProps` can be used to define a link displayed under the subtitle.

```

```js file="./ContentHeaderLabelLinkExample.tsx"

> ```

Reviewer: Can we add also an example for the actions?
Something like..

### Content header with action menu
In case you want to display actions in your header, you can use the `actionsMenu` property.

```js file="./ContentHeaderActionsExample.tsx"

```
